everybody's Gerry corner in
today's video we're going to try to find
the problem with the lien codes on my
BMW e46 sedan what had happened is I
didn't have any codes before and we
replaced the CC V valve and we replaced
the valve cover gasket and spark plugs
so somewhere along the line we have a
leak somewhere and we're going to try to
find it with a propane torch and we're
not going to light the torch we're just
going to use the gas when the propane
when the engine is running and if
there's a leak the engine idle will
change most likely you rev up so I'm
going to get set up point the camera at
the engine we're going to start the car
and see if we can find a leak that's
related to this code well that did not
give me the results I was after I was
hoping fogging it with propane run the
decent valve throttle body intake boots
on the MAF sensor around where the hoses
are for the CC V I think we would suck
in some propane at this point here my
next step is I'm going to remove the air
box and the MAF sensor we're going to
spray that down all right here's the MAF
sensor here I just used an electrical
cleaner and gently cleaned it so now
we're going to install this back in fire
back up clear the code and see what
happens
what I did remove it check out that the
o-ring that I had installed I put the CC
V valve i damaged it when sticking it in
and ripped it so that's a very good
possibility of another vacuum leak in
the engine itself Falcon could escape
through there so between that and DISA
valve intake boot I am hoping that this
will cure the problem fingers crossed
beers to be drank at shitshow someone
use red silicone RTV gasket on there
instead of using the proper ol ring so
it is very possible that my frickin
vacuum leak could be coming from here
who knows but we're going to replace it
anyways this is how it's supposed to be
an o-ring this is an unserviceable part
so you'll have to google DISA valve or
ring replacement to find out where you
can get one because a BMW dealership
does not sell them so that's probably
why it had silicone instead of a gasket
silicone is a cheap repair an o-ring
proper gasket is the proper way to do it
alright so this point here we got the
intake boot put back on and there's a
tab on the intake boot that corresponds
with the hole in the bottom I'm not
going to show you that I explained that
in the previous video and I showed it
really nice and clear after replacing
the DISA valve o-ring gasket and
checking the dipstick oring and
replacing it and also replace lower
intake boot I still have the p0 1 7 1 p0
1 7 4 I believe the codes are is Deline
codes for banks 1 & 2 so this point I'm
kind of stumped couldn't find a vacuum
leak I tried spraying with water I tried
using propane I tried spraying with
brake cleaner anything to try to
find a leak I don't know right now kind
of loss at this moment did lots of
reading on the internet like I did a lot
of things too when I done it and right
now just kind of pulling straws and if
anybody has any ideas I'm going to throw
it out there
I'm going to continue working on
this code until I figure out what the
problem is so any feedback would be
great leave your comments below what you
think it might possibly be and I'll
check it and we'll go from there we'll
see what happens so I hope you enjoyed
the video I did a lot of troubleshooting
but didn't solve anything so yeah thanks
for watching